add docs on init hooks (#55)
localstack/snowflake-docs: content/en/references/init-hooks/index.md

---

> title: "Initialization Hooks"

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be under user guides?

linkTitle: "Initialization Hooks"
weight: 5
description: >

>   Writing QQL scripts to initialize your Snowflake emulator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Writing SQL scripts to initialize resources in your Snowflake emulator
```

cascade:
  type: docs
hide_readingtime: true
---
 
## Introduction

> LocalStack for Snowflake supports automatically executing `*.sf.sql` with [Init Hooks](https://docs.localstack.cloud/references/init-hooks/) when mounted into the Docker container. A script can be added to one of these stages in the lifecycle:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
LocalStack for Snowflake supports automatically executing `*.sf.sql` files via [Init Hooks](https://docs.localstack.cloud/references/init-hooks/) when mounted into the Docker container. A script can be added to one of these stages in the lifecycle:
```
